Refs #35058 -- Added support for measured geometries to GDAL Point. (#17696)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.txt

:mod:`django.contrib.gis`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * :class:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.OGRGeometry` added support for ``POINT M``
>   and ``POINT ZM`` geometry types. To support this ``OGRGeometry`` learnt
>   :attr:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.OGRGeometry.is_3d` and
>   :attr:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.OGRGeometry.is_measured`, and ``Point``
>   learnt :attr:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.Point.m`.

Reviewer: Use present tense in release notes and "learnt" isn't US English. Maybe:

```suggestion
* Support for measured geometries is added via the new
  :attr:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.OGRGeometry.is_3d` and
  :attr:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.OGRGeometry.is_measured` properties of
  :class:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.OGRGeometry` and the new
  :attr:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.Point.m` property of 
  :class:`~django.contrib.gis.gdal.Point`.
```
